Lottery tickets can be purchased at the Dengeki store.

## Tickets
Internally, ticket numbers are stored as 16-bit little-endian hexadecimal integers. Each digit on the ticket is a hexadecimal digit. For example, a ticket with the digits `1 3 3 7` is stored as `0x3713`. The tickets can be found at:
* `0x8011b768` in the game's RAM
Tickets are considered inventory items. However, the number of tickets you have purchased is also kept track in another location as well, which can be found at:
* `0x8011b7b5` in the game's RAM
## Winning Numbers
The winning numbers are only generated when you talk to the orange Manillo.[^1]They can be found at `0x801f2884` in the game's RAM.
* To win the first prize, one of your tickets must match all four digits of one of the first prize winning numbers. There are five first prize winning numbers
* To win the second prize, one of your tickets must match the the last three digits of the second prize winning numbers. The first digit, which is not considered, is marked with an `0xf` instead. There are three second prize winning numbers
* To win the third prize, one of your tickets must match the last two digits of the third prize winning numbers. Similarly, the first two digits are marked with `0xff`. There is one third prize winning number.
The numbers are generated by calling $\mathrm{random}(0,9)$ for each digit.

[^1]: Specifically, after he says "Will your number be ze lucky winner?" in Ratty's English translation, or はたしてあんたのくじは当たってるかな？in Japanese.